Our ticket created publisher is put together.
So we're now going to go over to our roots directory, find the new route handler.
Inside of here.
Like we just said, right after creating the ticket and saving to the database, we then want to publish
an event.
So let's import the publisher into this file and publish an event.
At the very top.
We're going to import our ticket created publisher.
From up one directory events publishers.
Ticket Created Publisher.
Okay.
Well, then go down towards the bottom.
And then right after we do that ticket save call.
We will.
New ticket created.
Publisher.
When we call this, we need to pass in the active nets clients.
We do not have that inside of our project yet.
So we have not actually established a connection to nets at any point in time inside of here, but we
will do that very shortly.
So for right now, I'm just going to throw in client and I'm going to assume that I will come back and
fix that up in just a moment.
Well, then call it publish and pass in an object.
So if we take a look at this thing or the air on that object, it will give us a reminder on all the
properties we have to provide.
So we need to throw in an ID title price and user ID.
Now, there's a little quick note on this I want to throw out there.
The ID naturally has to be pulled directly off this ticket model.
So we have to do something like ticket ID.
But for the other attributes such as title price and user ID, you might be a little tempted to emit
the title and price directly off the request body and the user id directly off of req.
Current user ID because hey, it's all the same information, right?
In other words, you might want to put inside of here just title.
So pulling the title from the request body as opposed to referencing the tickets title.
Again, you might think these are really the same exact titles.
The title right here is the same as the title on the ticket.
Well, not necessarily.
Remember that with Mongoose we can implement some pre and post save hooks.
We can do some validation or sanitization on these values.
So the value that came in off the request body is not necessarily the same as what actually got saved
to the database.
So I really recommend pulling the title or all these relevant attributes directly off of the ticket
that we just saved to the database, as opposed to pulling the title and price off the request body.
Because again, they might actually be different values.
So we're going to put in the title off the ticket.
We'll put in the price also off the ticket.
I'll put in the user ID also off the ticket.
Now, this is a synchronous call right here.
So we kind of have a big decision to make.
Do we want to await this entire operation?
Do we want to wait for the publish to be completed before we send back response to the user?
Well, that's kind of an interesting question, and it's something that we're going to discuss in just
a moment.
But right now, let's take a quick pause.
When we come back, the next video we're going to discuss how we're going to create this next client
inside of our project, because, as usual, it's going to end up being just a little bit more complicated
than it might seem at first glance.
So a quick pause right here.
Continue in just a minute.